# InventoryAdjustment
> squareconnect.models.inventory_adjustment

### Description

Represents a change in state or quantity of product inventory at a particular time and location.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | A unique ID generated by Square for the [InventoryAdjustment](#type-inventoryadjustment). | [optional] 
**reference_id** | **str** | An optional ID provided by the application to tie the [InventoryAdjustment](#type-inventoryadjustment) to an external system. | [optional] 
**from_state** | **str** | The [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) of the related quantity of items before the adjustment. | [optional] 
**to_state** | **str** | The [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) of the related quantity of items after the adjustment. | [optional] 
**location_id** | **str** | The Square ID of the [Location](#type-location) where the related quantity of items are being tracked. | [optional] 
**catalog_object_id** | **str** | The Square generated ID of the [CatalogObject](#type-catalogobject) being tracked. | [optional] 
**catalog_object_type** | **str** | The [CatalogObjectType](#type-catalogobjecttype) of the [CatalogObject](#type-catalogobject) being tracked. Tracking is only supported for the &#x60;ITEM_VARIATION&#x60; type. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **str** | The number of items affected by the adjustment as a decimal string. Fractional quantities are not supported. | [optional] 
**total_price_money** | [**Money**](Money.md) | The read-only total price paid for goods associated with the adjustment. Present if and only if &#x60;to_state&#x60; is &#x60;SOLD&#x60;. Always non-negative. | [optional] 
**occurred_at** | **str** | A client-generated timestamp in RFC 3339 format that indicates when the adjustment took place. For write actions, the &#x60;occurred_at&#x60; timestamp cannot be older than 24 hours or in the future relative to the time of the request. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **str** | A read-only timestamp in RFC 3339 format that indicates when Square received the adjustment. | [optional] 
**source** | [**SourceApplication**](SourceApplication.md) | Read-only information about the application that caused the inventory adjustment. | [optional] 
**employee_id** | **str** | The Square ID of the [Employee](#type-employee) responsible for the inventory adjustment. | [optional] 
**transaction_id** | **str** | The read-only Square ID of the [Transaction][#type-transaction] that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for payment-related state transitions. | [optional] 
**refund_id** | **str** | The read-only Square ID of the [Refund][#type-refund] that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for refund-related state transitions. | [optional] 
**purchase_order_id** | **str** | The read-only Square ID of the purchase order that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for state transitions from the Square for Retail app. | [optional] 
**goods_receipt_id** | **str** | The read-only Square ID of the Square goods receipt that caused the adjustment. Only relevant for state transitions from the Square for Retail app. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


