# InventoryTransfer
> squareconnect.models.inventory_transfer

### Description

Represents the transfer of a quantity of product inventory at a particular time from one location to another.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | A unique ID generated by Square for the [InventoryTransfer](#type-inventorytransfer). | [optional] 
**reference_id** | **str** | An optional ID provided by the application to tie the [InventoryTransfer](#type-inventorytransfer) to an external system. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | The [InventoryState](#type-inventorystate) for the quantity of items being transfered. | [optional] 
**from_location_id** | **str** | The Square ID of the [Location](#type-location) where the related quantity of items were tracked before the transfer. | [optional] 
**to_location_id** | **str** | The Square ID of the [Location](#type-location) where the related quantity of items were tracked after the transfer. | [optional] 
**catalog_object_id** | **str** | The Square generated ID of the [CatalogObject](#type-catalogobject) being tracked. | [optional] 
**catalog_object_type** | **str** | The [CatalogObjectType](#type-catalogobjecttype) of the [CatalogObject](#type-catalogobject) being tracked.Tracking is only supported for the &#x60;ITEM_VARIATION&#x60; type. | [optional] 
**quantity** | **str** | The number of items affected by the transfer as a decimal string. Fractional quantities are not supported. | [optional] 
**occurred_at** | **str** | A client-generated timestamp in RFC 3339 format that indicates when the transfer took place. For write actions, the &#x60;occurred_at&#x60; timestamp cannot be older than 24 hours or in the future relative to the time of the request. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **str** | A read-only timestamp in RFC 3339 format that indicates when Square received the transfer request. | [optional] 
**source** | [**SourceApplication**](SourceApplication.md) | Read-only information about the application that initiated the inventory transfer. | [optional] 
**employee_id** | **str** | The Square ID of the [Employee](#type-employee) responsible for the inventory transfer. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


